591 duplicate keywords (#596)
Dasharo/open-source-firmware-validation: README.md

## Table of contents

1. [Open Source Firmware Remote Test Environment](#open-source-firmware-remote-test-environment)
   1. [Warning](#warning)
   2. [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
   3. [Lab architecture](#lab-architecture)
      1. [Current OSFV architecture](#current-osfv-architecture)
   4. [Test environment overview](#test-environment-overview)
   5. [Supported platforms](#supported-platforms)
   6. [DCU](#dcu)
   7. [Getting started](#getting-started)
      1. [Initializing environment](#initializing-environment)
      2. [Running tests](#running-tests)
      3. [Running tests via wrapper](#running-tests-via-wrapper)
      4. [Running tests with additional arguments](#running-tests-with-additional-arguments)
      5. [Running regression tests](#running-regression-tests)
      6. [Running regression tests with additional arguments](#running-regression-tests-with-additional-arguments)
   8. [Useful refactoring tools](#useful-refactoring-tools)
   9. [Generating documentation](#generating-documentation)

>    10. [Additional documents](#additional-documents)

Reviewer: Why those changes?

Author: Accidental formatter change. Reverted in cabe22eb4e74b7652d80eee50286961dc1c79a92

Or use the provided `create-docs.sh` script, which automatically concatenates
all of the keyword-containing libraries from `lib/` directory with
`keywords.robot`, and generates one big html file containing all the
keywords within this repo.

It also allows to choose the version of the
documentation, which basically decides if you want to perform the UEFI
configuration via "UEFI setup app" (`UEFI`) or via "Dasharo Config
Utility tool" (`DCU`):

```bash
$ ./scripts/create-docs.sh UEFI

> Generating UEFI version of the documentation
> Documentation generated and saved as all-keywords.html
> $ firefox all-keywords.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating UEFI version of the documentation
[DEBUG] Skip dcu.robot
Documentation generated and saved as ./docs/index.html
$ firefox docs/index.html
```

At least that's output I'm getting.

```

Or

```bash
$ ./scripts/create-docs.sh DCU

> Generating DCU version of the documentation
> Documentation generated and saved as all-keywords.html
> $ firefox all-keywords.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating DCU version of the documentation
[DEBUG] Skip uefi-setup-menu.robot
Documentation generated and saved as ./docs/index.html
$ firefox docs/index.html
```

Reviewer: Changed here: https://github.com/Dasharo/open-source-firmware-validation/pull/596/commits/718a2f4bf1f766e056609cf1db8d977c364f8b5a
@EduKav1813 you should've mentioned it here
